200 tons of Aid is brought ashore this
represents only a fraction of what's
needed to stop people starving in
Gaza the situation is so bad that no one
can imagine it and the ship even if it
helps will be a drop in the ocean
because the entire region is in need of
Aid and people are competing to take aid
from the
shore air drops have caused chaos with
several people killed by Falling pallets
when parachutes failed to
open we keep waiting for Aid this is not
a solution whether by ship or by plane
we saw planes dropping Aid and people
fighting over it there are some children
who drowned in the sea for
aid aid agencies are warning nearly
600,000 people are on the brink of
famine the living situation is very bad
we cannot eat or drink and Aid is very
scarce they told us there is Aid in the
South but it is very scarce the ship
Open Arms arrived from Cyprus on Friday
the US charity behind the delivery
acknowledges that the best way to get
desperately needed Aid in is for Israel
to open the land Corridor our first boat
arrived there and we're ready to
continue scaling up this and what we see
and we envision is having a highway of
Aid going to gasa but of course we need
to keep opening the L Crossing and
having more accesss because not enough
there is not enough Aid right now
arriving to Gaza with Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu approving
plans for an assault on the southern
city of Rafa which is Sheltering more
than a million displaced people any Aid
deliveries maybe too late Mike leel Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer